do it six-six 322 pounds strings
athleticism that's the kind of play you
want to see third and three
Bacchus enrolling him up on the
sidelines
builder game looking for a big stop bell
looking for a first down he's got it and
on the loose as sterling Shepard for the
endzone touchdown Oklahoma tight Bunch
set
and Notre Dame's going to bring a little
fresh what's happening there's a Titan
phone setup here Shepherd's in there
notre dame's coming from here nice job
picking up the Blitz and then hitting
Shepherd on the cross he goes underneath
grace who's got to force him over top of
them grace has to see that more quickly
and Shepherd flies and with a score
33:21 oklahoma lining up for a two
pointer here yep they're gonna put the
ball in between the midpoint and the
hatch and remember the two point
conversion team has their choice of
anywhere they want between the hashes
so off of the pool
reception for Shepard
make it a 35
lakeville used to this kind of situation
for sure goes to the air and it's
complete to Shepard
so two more points 3521 Shepard on the
touchdown 54 yards and bailed a shepherd
for the two points to make it 35 21 with
12 24 left
big third down play by Blake Bell to
Sterling Shepard who goes all the way to
pull Oklahoma out by 14
you